[WiP] magento/devdocs#: Environment variables. Add schema about overrides (#5412)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/env/variables-intro.md

Variables are _hierarchical_, which means that if a variable is not overridden, it is inherited from the parent environment.

> Environment variables in the top of configuration hierarchy and overrides config.php, DataBase and XML configuration variables: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables are on the top of the configuration hierarchy and override values from config.php, database, and XML configuration variables: 
```

Author: **fixed**

Thank you, @rogyar
